c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\プログラムSQLine.exe.config
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\プログラムSQLine.exe
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\プログラムSQLine.pdb
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.Form1.resources
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLite.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.exe
c:\users\k-nguyen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.pdb
C:\Users\k-nguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.frmAddPhoneNumber.resources
C:\Users\k-nguyen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\k-nguyen\Documents\ALL_DATA\bài học\bài 2\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\bin\Debug\プログラムSQLine.exe.config
C:\Users\k-nguyen\Documents\ALL_DATA\bài học\bài 2\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.exe
C:\Users\k-nguyen\Documents\ALL_DATA\bài học\bài 2\プログラムSQLine\プログラムSQLine\obj\Debug\プログラムSQLine.pdb
